Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I have my sweetheart with me.
She's been busy.
I told her, I said, "Honey, you've got to stop and do a video with me.
" I said, "The people are going to think you disappeared.
You haven't been with me in over a week or so.
" And she's been working really hard, folks, trying to do all the emails, send out the Bibles, and do all the things that we know that God's called us to do.
And I'm so thankful for her doing the house things and everything else.
Folks, this is a full-time job now with what we do extra.
And I told her, with eBay and Poshmark and doing this, she is a working machine.
I'm very proud of her and very thankful for her.
Well, Braden's behind the camera today and all the comments were so nice to him.
He was so excited.
He's reading the comments.
"People are being nice, Dad.
" I said, "I'm glad.
Thank God.
" And so, we're believing God for him, a spouse, that one day God has a woman for him that is ministry-minded, wants to be with the Lord, tongue-talking, Holy Ghost filled.
We pray for his spouse.
We pray for Paisley, you know, and Megan.
We're believing for total restoration of Megan.
She'll get married one day.
But, you know, we're always praying for Braden to have a sweetheart one day.
I always try to mess around with him because it's our thing.
I told him, I said, "You'll get you a good woman, son.
I know you will.
We're believing God.
" Like my trophy over here?
So, yeah.
But, well, we want to talk about what we prayed about yesterday.
And there was a lot to that, folks.
That was heavy, and there's some things I see I just have to take a pause and go, "Wow.
" But what did we see about Mel Gibson?
We saw that he needs—I don't know, and this is what I saw.
I saw the number 50 million, to believe God for 50 million.
Now, I don't know how all that money comes in these Hollywood celebrity movies and all that, but who would sponsor that?
Maybe he has the money already.
But I saw $50 million.
Now, I don't know what that $50 million entails, but a $50 million budget, $50 million, whatever, a surplus, I don't know.
But the other thing the Lord showed me was them coming against his ratings.
Like, you know, whenever you're rated R or PG-13, trying to get it where people would be able to come in.
Well, this is a rated R movie, we're not going to go watch that because we're believers, because we don't watch rated R movies.
Trying to—not a lot of traffic is what I saw—trying to come against him.
And I saw two different types of scenarios going, with more of a fictional look or a more biblical approach, kind of like The Chosen.
You can go more fictional with movies or you can go more biblical, and I believe he should go more biblical.
I don't think you should add fictional anything to the Bible.
It confuses people.
So, I think it would be smart for him to go biblical.
That's what we are praying into.
And the Lord's showing me again the revival taking place in the theaters.
Now, I'm telling you, when this happens—I don't say if anymore, because when I know when God tells me something is going to happen, it's going to happen.
But he said the enemy—I saw major occultic people in Hollywood trying to come against him with the occult, with witchcraft and stuff.
And we were praying last—I'm telling you, this is a major prayer assignment.
I'm telling you, when God puts you on an assignment and he says, "Brandon, this is going to bring many souls to my kingdom throughout the whole world, this is a major tool for what God's about to do in these last days.
" So, we pray for him that he stays the course and does it like The Passion of the Christ and hits a home run.
That's what I'm praying, that he hits a home run.
Okay, so now we'll go to the next thing.
So then the Lord showed us box cars.
That was another thing.
I saw box cars.
I saw Santa Fe.
I saw it was a red-looking box car, like kind of faded-out looking colors.
And then I saw a white cross with "Santa Fe" across it.
And then I saw inside the door in a cargo, like a package, some kind of device.
Now, I don't know what this device was.
I can assume what it was, but I didn't see it go off.
I saw the device.
It had green letters on it.
It looked like it was silver.
It had some black on it.
It looked like something out of a movie.
And it was in like a crate thing in this box car, and it was going down the railroad tracks.
And I could see green trees on the right and the left, and it was going, and it looked like it was headed up north.
Headed up north, that was the direction of this train track.
And I don't know what that was all about, but you know, whenever the Lord shows me a vision of something, I'm sure it's not a good thing.
A train with something in it, I'm just saying.
I don't know what that meant, but it was not like I felt like it was danger.
I felt that this was a bad thing.
Then number two, the Lord showed me the ocean.
I saw Cuba, and remember I was praying over Cuba last night.
And I could see Cuba, but I could see—I've never been to Cuba—but I could see like the electricity grid was not very good.
I could see there wasn't a lot of lights on.
But across the ocean, it looked completely black outside and people were moving at night.
And I saw a biological—it was a clear container that had metal ends, and it had some kind of pathogen in it that was from Russia.
Oh, God help me.
And it was being smuggled into America.
This pathogen, it was a container that was about this big.
It was about that big around, and it was glass-looking.
Now, what does that mean?
I have no idea.
But it was coming from Cuba, and it was being brought in at nighttime.
It was completely dark outside.
Number three, I saw Vegas.
I saw Vegas.
I saw the strip again.
I saw rioting.
I saw fires.
I could see bad things happening in there.
Then I could see it in Dallas.
I could see a major uprising of protests and ICE—anti-ICE, anti-immigration, anti- all these people trying to do stupid stuff.
And the Lord showed me a date, the 14th, to pray over the 14th.
Now, after I brought that up, people say, "Hey, Brandon, there's rallies and all these things on the 14th.
" Folks, this is amazing to me because I was like, "Well, I told Diana," when you hear of the Lord and he tells you, gives you certain things, and he says, "Pray over Washington, D.
C.
" I thought the 14th what I was praying over was the parade.
And I still do.
I don't know about all this protest on the 14th.
People are sending that to us in emails.
And Diana was talking to us.
She said, "You're getting a lot of people saying there's rallies or whatever, like marches.
Is that what you called them?
" Marches on the 14th.
So, I thought, well, maybe that's what I was seeing.
But I never want to assume because I saw military parades and I saw events praying over our nation from the 14th, which would be Saturday, to the 4th of July, going after like I saw up until the 6th, praying over our nation for a hedge of protection over our president, over his granddaughter.
I saw her face specifically.
Her name is Kai.
To pray over this young girl, she's 18 years old, and to pray over his grandchildren.
Okay, so we pray over their grandchildren.
We pray over his older, Eric and Don Jr.
, and the girls.
We pray a hedge of protection over everyone, that no weapon formed against this family will prosper, over JD Vance, over our senators, all of it.
We don't want any harm to come to anybody, folks.
Regardless, we're believers.
We're believing believers that believe in love and peace and joy, and we believe in protection over all people, regardless if you're Democrat, Republican, or whatever.
It doesn't matter.
It's human.
And so, we just pray protection over people and that no calamity comes near.
Still praying over Trump Tower, praying over his hotels, his golf courses that were targets, praying over his properties.
It's like there's so much there, folks, like I'm saying.
I'm just going to leave that there.
I've warned you about Israel.
I have seen strikes against Iran in the coming days with a white missile with USA on it.
And it was shaped like a triangle, went in, and it was a weapon I've never seen before.
I saw it in the days ahead.
I'm telling you, folks, that I've seen Israel and America strike Iran.
I warned you to pray over American bases in Iraq.
Remember this.
We need to pray a hedge of protection over our troops in Iraq in retaliation for what's about to take place.
Praying over our men and women in service in foreign bases, especially Iraq.
I saw Iraq specifically to pray over them.
So, if you have your sons or your daughters or your husband or wife stationed in Iraq and they're fighting for our country, pray over them.
Intercede for them.
Plead the blood of Jesus over your family members.
You especially, you have a covenant, they're your bloodline, pray for them even more.
I'm believing God every one of them is safe and protected.
But it's vital that you do this, that you cover your family.
You take your seat of authority according to Ephesians every single day and make sure you draw a bloodline in the spirit realm around your loved ones so that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
This is important times, folks.
It's not a time to go, 'Well, you know, Brandon, your prayer group's got this.
I'm going to take a nap.
' No, it's time for you to rise up even more.
The volcano out in Oregon—praying over that.
I've warned you about a mile-wide volcano.
I warned you that the Lord showed me a massive tsunami coming inland.
Major stuff has taken place, great shakings to awaken.
And the 10 cities, people asking about the 10 cities, and we pray over those 10 cities that there's no rioting, there's no craziness going on, an uprising with the Red Dawn experience with these people, that we have authority.
We pray over that.
You know, I'm always going to stand even if it happens.
I try to not be the Debbie Downer and go, 'Well, you know, we didn't stop COVID.
We didn't stop.
' That wasn't my heart.
I was trying to say you all need to be realistic and sometimes when you're trying to come across so religious, 'Well, Brandon, no.
' I'm telling you, I believe more than a lot of people believe, not saying that I have it all together, but I'm standing with a lot of people that you all are safe, protected in the hand of the Lord, and that no weapon formed against you will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand.
That's why I told you it is so important.
Just like Diana and I, we pray every day.
God, if we don't feel a peace—we went into a store the other day, and Paisley came.
She goes, 'You know, Daddy...
'—cuz I'm trying to teach my kids, and it's so cute when our little kid does this—she goes, 'You know, Daddy, I felt uneasy in my spirit about that.
Did you?
' And I went, 'You did?
' She goes, 'That man, he was sketchy, wasn't he?
' And I said, 'What do you mean, babe?
' She goes, 'I just noticed I just felt that funny feeling in my spirit just to stay close to you, and I was watching him.
' And I said, 'That's exactly what I'm talking about.
You're not judging people or profiling people.
You're going with the peace of God that passes all understanding.
' And as a little girl, she said, 'I felt uneasy inside, Dad.
I didn't feel a peace.
' And she goes, 'Did you feel a peace?
' And I said, 'No, but God's trying to train you, too, as a little girl.
' I just thought it's cool cuz I'm trying so hard to train my kids to be street smart and spiritually smart, that you hear the voice of the Lord, and if you feel a check inside, you flee from evil.
You don't run to it.
You flee because the Holy Spirit's trying to help you.
He's here to lead and guide us in all things.
You say, 'Don't go down that highway tonight.
You need to not do that.
' 'Well, why not?
' 'Go another road.
You're all right, go another road.
' 'Well, that takes me ten minutes longer.
' 'Just do what I ask you to do.
' The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
Even if it doesn't make sense, don't go down that highway today, going and following the peace of God.
I said, 'Oh man, I—it's like with this Joseph Z conference this week.
I want to go down there so bad, but I have a peace about it.
Diana found out and said, 'Their tickets are sold out.
Their tickets are sold out.
I didn't know you had to register.
' And I'm not going to be arrogant and just automatically assume that you're just going down there—'Well, I have a YouTube channel.
Don't you want to let me in on the front row?
' A man named Allan is going to be there.
I don't know how to say his last name, I'm sorry.
I think I'll butcher it.
But there are some really cool voices in these last days, and I'm so glad it's sold out, that they had enough people down there.
Dallas-Fort Worth is a spiritual hub.
There are a lot of Christians down there in that area, a lot of believers, so I think he'll have a really good turnout.
But, I don't know, I'm always just thinking—it's like going to Billy Burke meetings.
I told D, 'Oh my gosh, I wish we could get closer.
He's in Pittsburgh this weekend.
' And I told her, I said, 'If we could go and fly up there for the weekend for Father's Day...
' What a Father's Day present for me, to go to Billy Burke.
But I'm not really big on flying.
I'd rather drive.
I'm just like, not that I'm afraid, I'll do it, but I just don't like going up that high.
I told D, 'Well, we can drive.
' 'No, we can't.
I'm not driving 2,000 miles.
' But that's just us.
But we're believing God and we're looking at what's going on in the world right now.
And I told her, I said, 'I feel we're on the verge of something major taking place.
' And maybe, just maybe, this prophetic conference that Joseph Z is having this weekend and these other ministers—there's a lot of people getting there—maybe that's...
but they're all gathering together to pray.
I don't know what they're doing; I think he's just talking.
But my assignment is to pray.
I don't know what everybody else's assignment is, but I'm going to tell you that's what we're called to do.
And we're going to do it.
We're going to pray over this weekend.
We're going to pray over Trump on Saturday.
We've got two days left.
We've got today, tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday in that major event.
I'm sure it'll be televised.
But there are some major things, folks, and it's time that we take our place of authority and pray over this nation for the next three weeks and really cover our homeland.
And so, I just feel caution.
I feel a major caution.
I feel a major uprising.
I feel a major...
with Iran and Israel and all this, when the United States said, 'Move all your people out of our embassies and everything.
' I'm just like, folks, this is exactly what I'm talking about.
And then another thing, we're getting so much rain.
Isn't it amazing?
We've broken all the records in Oklahoma since they've been forecasting—I don't know, since they've been taking measurements, right?
A long time.
There's never been this much rain in Oklahoma for the months of April, May, and June ever in the history of our state.
There is no drought.
We've broken all the records.
We have almost 30 inches of rain.
I mean, it is incredible.
It is like a year's worth of rain almost, like it's a lot.
It's been pouring, but I thought this is the sign of the outpouring of the rain, which is the outpouring of the Spirit.
I just believe Dallas-Fort Worth has been getting a ton of rain, from what I understand.
And when you have these areas, what the Lord showed me from I-35, from Dallas-Fort Worth all the way to Wichita, Kansas, He said I-35 will be one of the major hubs of the end-time movement.
And people will come from the east and the west and move here.
There will be so many people here that there will not be any rental houses or properties to get.
They'll be in tents.
The Lord said they're going to start coming, and they'll be in RVs and tents so they can experience what's going to happen on I-35 from Wichita, Kansas to Dallas-Fort Worth.
Oklahoma City and all the surrounding area will be some of the major places.
Now we are in Tulsa, but it's not even 80 miles from everything.
But my goodness, folks, I just thought the rain is a symbolic symbol of God's blessing, and I'm telling you, I believe the spiritual rain is coming behind it.
And this is another thing: I saw a hurricane forming in the Atlantic Ocean, stirring up, and the eye of the hurricane was so defined.
It was a massive, man-made storm.
It was very clear to me; I knew it was being seeded.
The Lord showed me this is weather warfare again.
I don't know when this storm is coming, but we need to pray.
We pray for a hedge of protection on Florida because my friend Billy is down there now, and I'm really going to pray for Florida now.
You all need rain, so I'm believing God for rain down there, and then for you all not to get major devastation, especially in Tampa.
I've got to pray for my buddy down there.
We don't need any of that junk down there anymore; we need that stuff to go away.
Let's pray, take communion, and believe God for something big.
Let's believe God for big things, folks.
This is the time.
It's not all about the doom and gloom.
You know, I was listening to Kim Clement—his prophetic way of going about things was always so positive, and I love listening to him.
I love the way he delivers things, and then he sings the songs.
I was listening to some of his music again, and I just love the way he plays the piano.
I told Braden, 'My goodness, I got ripped off.
I don't know how to play the piano like that.
' He's up there, and I miss him.
I didn't listen to him when I was a kid, but I've listened to some of his words.
I told Diana, 'Do you realize when he prophesied that, I was only like 15 years old?
' I said, 'My goodness, look at that.
' But whatever, it's cool, and time keeps going.
Another generation.
So, Father, we just thank You for this time today.
We went over everything.
We talked about it and told everybody what's coming, what You showed us yesterday.
So, we tried to inform everybody what we prayed about yesterday, Father, and that's what this video was about.
We thank You, Father, for every person who is here praying with us, agreeing with us, believing with us, knowing that You are the God of more than enough, able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
We lift up Mel Gibson before You again today.
We thank You, Father, that Your hand is on this man.
Father, You spoke to me so loudly and clearly to pray for this new movie that's about to come out soon.
I don't know when, but Father, maybe 2026 or 2027.
I believe that this will be a major tool for the end-time harvest, and I thank You, Father, that it will be uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We pray a hedge of protection around him and, what's his name, Caviezel?
Jim Caviezel.
We pray over the other staff.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the CGI and all the stuff that Braden was talking about.
Father, I call forth wisdom on how to implement this, and let it be breakthrough technology.
Let it be something so innovative that the world says, 'How did you do that?
' and they could only get it from You as a tool to bring in the harvest.
I thank You, Father, that the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And I thank You, Father, that You've called Mel Gibson.
You keep him protected.
You shelter him from any calamity, from anybody trying to harm his life.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about him, where he has wisdom and the funding to do it.
You said, 'I saw a number of 50 million dollars,' and I thank You, Father, that there's supernatural funding, even from whoever, to sponsor it, to do whatever to get the job done and do it with excellence.
They don't have to skimp and cut costs and cut corners to make something cheaper; it should be excellence.
I thank You, Father, that You're an excellent, moving God, that You're an excellent God, and that You want excellence in this last harvest, so we don't say, 'Well, you know, it could have been better.
' No, it was the best it could have been.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that it is over the top.
This will be the greatest movie that's ever hit the box office, and it will just tick the world off—the ones that are trying to come against it—so that they say, 'Man, we should have been a part of it.
We should not have been against it.
We should have been in it.
' Yes, it's an Oscar-winning film.
You know, believe God for something big, that Jesus gets the glory for it.
And he stands up there: 'I just want to give Jesus all the glory,' and just tell all those devils.
He should break every record.
He should shatter it, yes, because he's doing it for the glory.
I believe for the greatest harvest of souls from it because God said, 'I'm going to use this as a witnessing tool.
' I said, 'Father, we thank You.
' Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
I believe, Father, that this is the time for the greatest manifestations of the glory of God that we've ever seen before.
We pray over our president.
We already come in agreement, Father, that there's a covering over President Trump, Father, that he's in the right place at the right time.
His children, Kai, his granddaughter, Father, are in the right place at the right time.
No calamity comes nigh them.
We put a hedge of blood around them.
We say, in the name of Jesus, the angels are watching over them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We put angels around them, big, massive warring angels.
Michael and the archangels are protecting our leaders.
Thank you, Lord, for JD Vance.
Thank you, Lord, for his family, for the Vice President, and for them, Father.
I thank You, Lord, for the protection over them, Father.
I pray a hedge of protection, Father, and I thank You, Lord, that You're exposing the rats.
You're exposing the rats, for there's more.
There's more, and it's time to expose the rats.
We call the exposing of this done now.
In the name of Jesus, we say the uncovering, like the cockroaches they are, that they will be exposed in the name of Jesus.
We say, 'Satan, get your hands off of this nation.
It will stay one nation under God.
You will not touch it.
' We call our home free from any demonic attacks.
So, Father, we come against any domestic disturbances in our country with this ICE stuff and all these protests and the raids, all the stuff going on with these people rioting and acting stupid, burning things and hurting people.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that this will be stopped.
And Father, if there's anything on the 14th, 15th, 16th, or 17th—doesn't matter what day—we cover our nation in the name of Jesus.
And we say every city is represented here.
I believe that every city is represented here from every state.
I call forth every state.
We call our area covered by the blood of Jesus from the East Coast to the West Coast, from the Canadian border to the Mexico border.
We call forth all our area covered in the name of Jesus from these demonic attacks, the rising up of this Antifa stuff.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it comes down.
It's a spirit of division and strife.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's peace in the name of Jesus over this nation, that we remove the bad guys and girls.
The people are here to smuggle drugs and children and sex trafficking.
We call them exposed.
We call them busted and taken back to where they belong in prison, not hurting any more little kids.
Father, we cover this nation.
We cover our president.
We cover our Fourth of July.
We cover the 14th.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no weapon formed against this nation will prosper, and over Israel.
You said, "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
" And we lift up Jerusalem before you and the peace that passes understanding over that nation.
And we say, "Satan, get your hands off of it and we will have peace.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that we disarm Iran.
We disarm Iran in the name of Jesus.
And they will not send any kind of nuclear responses or hurt our troops in any of our military bases, Iraq or wherever.
I don't know where our military bases are, but Father, you do.
And so I cover those military bases in the name of Jesus, that our servicemen and women are covered by the blood of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
No calamity, no surprise attacks, no drone attacks, no stealth attacks, no nothing come nigh them.
They are protected.
They are protected in the shelter of your Most High's hand.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for our armed men and women, for our FBI, for the Homeland Security.
Father, that they have secret intel, Father, they'll know and they'll act on it.
In God, they'll get tips and they'll know they'll have favor and everything we do this holiday season, from Macy's Fourth of July, Washington, all throughout America, the firework displays and the get-togethers, the barbecues or whatever we decide to do in the days ahead.
Father, Father's Day is protected.
Yes, Father, I thank you, Lord, that the fathers...
we honor our fathers, we honor the fathers that raised us and helped us to become who we are today.
The men, Father, we thank you.
We honor them in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for our spiritual fathers, our spiritual guide people that have poured into us spiritually.
I thank you, Father, that you honor the men of God on this very special day of Father's Day.
And I thank you, Father, for it right now in the name of Jesus.
We call healings, wholeness, and wellness.
We call deliverance over their bodies.
Father, every person who's watching right now, dying and I agree that they're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Nothing missing, nothing broken.
Shalom, peace over your body.
I call deliverance over cancers and diabetes and heart disease, and over glaucomas and over brain disorders and all kinds of things.
Father, whatever it may be, Father, you're the healer.
And we call them delivered from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
They're delivered from sickness and disease and infirmity of all kinds.
I thank you, Father, that you're the provider.
And Father, you said that you would supply all their needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
I call special protection and covering over their finances.
And I thank you, Father, that whatever they put their hands to will prosper in these days ahead.
Father, we pray blessing and increase and multiplication over them in Jesus' name.
And we pray over their marriages that they get along, they live long and finish strong, Father, that their marriages will last forever.
They won't have divorce in their home.
They break the generational curse of divorce and people getting divorced and ol' mama got a divorce and daddy got a divorce.
How many times they've been married?
Five times.
No, that stops now.
We're going to have a marriage that lasts until death do us part.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's great marriages in this YouTube community.
Father, I thank you that their children are at peace.
There's peace, and they're raising their kids up and they're training them up.
And I thank you, Lord, that when they'll get older, they'll not depart from it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for children that are on fire for you.
I call revival in the youth, revival in our campuses around the United States, around the world.
We call supernatural revival.
We call protection over them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that South Korea is rising up.
Father, they'll rise up and there'll be a major revival in this time, and that Taiwan is protected.
We pray a hedge of protection around Taiwan.
We thank you, Lord, that Satan, you will not have Taiwan.
You will not have Taiwan.
We pray a hedge of blood around Taiwan, that Father, any plot, any plan that China has to take them over and destroy them in any way, Father, I thank you, Lord, that it falls back.
Father, a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
Father, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around Taiwan today in the name of Jesus with their swords and shields drawn.
Taiwan is standing strong.
We believe for Japan and all these other great nations to have a major revival all throughout South America and Africa.
We're calling forth revival.
We call forth a mighty move of God.
We call forth the mighty move of the presence of the Lord.
Father, that your hand is not short, and you don't have to go in and say, 'Well, we ran out of the glory today, Jesus.
There's not enough.
' Father, there's overflow.
I just sit with you, Father, and we're anticipating, we're anticipating a move of the presence of the Lord like we've never seen before.
It's in our heart to believe, and we believe we receive.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the wealth transfer and the finances to get it done.
That Father, we lack no good thing.
We lack no good thing, Lord, that you'll bring it to pass at last: the great supernatural wealth transfer in the name of Jesus.
Now, that's really interesting.
What I just saw when I closed my eyes, I saw a purple dragon coming up out of the Atlantic Ocean.
It was purple, a light purple like a lavender, and the fins, the little...
there was like lines like this that were a dark, like dark dark purple like a royal purple.
And he had a white mouth with blue, dark purple around his eyes, and a red tongue.
It was a long serpent coming up out of the ocean.
It looked like one of those old Chinese-looking dragons, but it was purples, all kinds of different shades of purple, and white mouth with white around, and his eyes were white with green.
That's what I saw.
Now that's interesting.
I've never seen a purple dragon before.
He came up, went out, and when he came up, it looked like part of his tail was still in the water, and he went down like this, and it went up, and it was like an M.
It was like following him like this.
It's very strange looking.
I feel the Holy Ghost right then.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, that's interesting.
Does the United States of America have underground cities?
Nobody's going to tell you if they did.
But I see underneath, up underneath the Smokies.
Tennessee's all through there.
I see like lights.
What is that all about?
It's military.
I see army men.
I see our servicemen, Marines, and there's pallets.
We didn't take communion before we started doing this.
Father, I lift up this covenant before you, Father, before I start looking over.
And I cover myself in the blood.
And I say any foul devil has tried to deceive me or harm me in any way.
I cover my mind in the blood of Jesus.
I cover me that I will not see anything outside of you.
That I only see what the spirit of the Lord shows me to see.
And I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father.
And I cover this my house in the blood.
I cover my mind in the blood.
I cover my eyes in the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, that I only see what the spirit of the Lord has me to see.
And I only hear what you have me to hear.
And I thank you, Lord.
We cover our home.
And I cover this atmosphere.
And I shelter us in the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
They're preparing for something.
I see it again.
They know something's coming.
I see it.
Okay, now I just saw something.
Lord says, "Say it out loud.
" I saw the magnetic poles shifting, true north.
I don't understand it, let the scientific mind die, but I see the earth tilting differently.
In this vision, I saw longitude and latitude, the lines on the map.
And I saw a major line like this that had a ball on the end of it, and it stripped down over the longitude and latitude.
And that major line was moving.
What's true due north?
You hear like it was moving, and I heard the Lord say that it's magnetic poles.
So that's what I've gotten so far.
And I see men in the ground.
I see pallets.
I see food.
I see Hummers.
I see military jeeps.
I see things in the ground, actual like railroads.
How could that happen, Diana, when we don't know what's stable?
How could they do that, and now nobody knows about that?
Oh no, no, no.
Retaliation.
I see retaliation.
Remember the word.
He said, "Remember, son, count the cost.
" Remember, Israel, count the cost.
I'm in the spirit right now concerning it, I can see it.
Count the cost.
I hear the words echoing again: "We'll do whatever it takes to defend you.
" Little Kim, there's things there that you don't know.
Putin, do you hear?
It's inevitable.
nuclear holocaust.
Count the cost.
Is it worth it today?
You push that button, there's many more.
I see it, they're watching.
Iran has made agreements with Russia.
I see Kim Jong Un.
If they do this, there's retaliation.
This is part of Ezekiel 38, I'm seeing it.
The hook in the jaw.
There's agreements there.
But we all know what the outcome of Ezekiel 38 and 39 is.
And I heard the Lord laugh.
It's like they swore to protect it.
It's part of what breaks things that I put there.
It's deeper.
Count the cost.
I hear the Lord.
In the days ahead, we're just right there.
They're devising the plan right now.
I wouldn't even be surprised if it happens today.
If it happens today, don't be hasty, Benjamin.
Don't be hasty.
Come up.
A greater plan.
It's something there they've seen.
It's something that even the United States has seen now.
There's something there, I see it, of why they're about to react.
And a reaction causes a reaction.
An action causes a reaction.
You hear me?
And now I'm seeing Turkey.
I see Pakistan.
A rise of antisemitism.
A rise in Afghanistan.
I see Afghanistan,.
It's such a crippling of Iran's infrastructure when this takes place, so much so that it's dark there.
I see a crippling of the infrastructure and it's dark there.
Add your own what you believe that is.
Is that EMP?
Is that on the grid?
But I see no electricity.
I see dark, and it's a crippling of the infrastructure.
Very serious.
They're set back a long way in certain areas.
It's almost like it's an EMP or something.
No, the Lord said, "It's something you've never seen before.
Israel has technological advancements that we've never seen before.
" And no other nation has this.
That's a big statement.
That's huge, what the Lord just said.
No other nation.
But he says, I hear him, "The United States has something similar, but Israel has perfected this device.
" Whatever this is, I hear it.
Israel stands alone concerning this.
No other nation, not even China, has this.
And it was directed and brought forth by the spirit of the Lord.
They're a hidden powerhouse.
Israel is a hidden powerhouse, a mighty giant.
No one knows it, that little bitty place, from what I'm seeing in the spirit.
They've kept their cards close because they could not trust the past administrations.
They didn't want to trust the past administrations.
They're smart.
With this, they barely trust Trump.
I've seen it.
They're iffy about it, but they've not opened up about some of this stuff.
They've not told people.
They don't trust anybody.
They've been alone.
But they've got great military might that no one knows.
They've been very smart with their cards.
But from what I just saw, they're about to use something.
This is what you would call "shock and awe," so much so that there's no other Arab nation that will touch these people.
But it's what God has granted to his people for protection.
God is a good God.
You say, "Well, what are they doing, a genocide?
" Folks, I stand with Israel.
You may not agree with that, but I always stand with Israel.
I don't stand with their government; I stand with the nation and what it represents to my Father.
Governments come and go, but Israel is forever.
And I pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Awesome Lord, we love you.
Lord, we love you.
We worship you.
Oh God!
He just showed me a huge round circle in the Mediterranean around a massive oil deposit again, but this time it came up looking like gold.
The Lord put it there.
I'm venturing to say it's one of the largest oil deposits in the Middle East.
It's humongous out in that area.
It's deep and it's thick, it goes wide, but it's like a vast supply.
But it's by the hand of the Lord.
So, Lord, the end times are coming like a rocket ship.
It's coming so quick, isn't it?
All the stuff you keep showing me that all goes together.
What was all that about the tunnels and all the magnetic stuff, Lord?
What is going on with that?
They're preparing for something, and we know what it is: Wormwood.
It's right there in the Bible.
They know it's coming.
Tom Horn talked about this, and they're preparing for Apophis.
I hear the Lord say, and there's much more that they see.
What is it when that phrase, "there's much more that they see"?
What do they see?
Father, what do they see?
He said he won't bring it up right here, right now.
That's what he said, not right here, not right now.
Walking in the new realms of the spirit.
Walking in the new realm.
Walking in a new light, new endowments of the glory, new endowments of my presence, mantles, freshness.
Not that it ever loses its freshness on you.
He said, "Braden, my stuff never grows old.
It's vintage.
It don't grow old.
It doesn't get stagnant.
But what you do in you, a stirring up in you," he said, "it's vintage, Braden, when you're relaying it because the people over here, they'll not receive it right.
And they're going to go...
" And He hears him, and He said, "Brandon, it's the way you're delivering it.
" And He said, "It's vintage.
It's not old.
It's stirring anew in you.
" No more.
New mantles, new mantles, and they'll shine upon your face.
It's going to shine upon your face.
He said, "It's going to shine upon you.
It will be like your superhero outfit.
" That's the only way I could say it, babe, like your superhero outfit, you know?
I'm trying to describe it in the natural, folks.
The Holy Spirit in you, your crime-fighting devil machine, you know.
I love the way that you—you're a devil buster.
It's so funny.
Hallelujah!
You put on the whole armor of God.
That's what He said.
That's what you do.
He said, "That's your armor.
You put on your whole armor of God.
" The whole armor.
And just like He talks about in Ephesians, putting on the armor, it's your suit.
It's your super suit.
Walking it out.
Walking in the light of love.
Walking it out from glory to glory.
He's changing us.
The mantles to do what He's called us to do.
Glory to God!
He's changing us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they can consider the cost.
We already know what they're going to do because Ezekiel 38 and 39 is set in stone.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that little Kim is trying to use his people as pawns.
That Iron Curtain is coming down.
You said Kim's days were numbered.
Oh, expose and remove him, Father, and his sister.
Remove his sister, Father.
Glory to God!
I thank you, Father, that the people of North Korea will hear the gospel in Jesus' name.
Send your angel armies, Lord.
Deal with Kim.
Deal with Kim Jong-un.
Deal with him.
I thank you, Lord, that he is removed in Jesus' name, whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes.
He's a tyrant.
Glory to God!
Hallelujah!
Thank you, Lord.
Do you all remember when I told you our sun was going to be affected soon, and that everything will have a different look to the sun soon, and that it will mess with the birds and it will mess with the breeding of animals, and the animals will try to start mating late summer instead of late fall with deer season, with the rut and things like that?
The migration of birds will happen way early.
Do you all remember that the magnetic poles are shifting?
There are things happening.
I was seeing the magnetic poles moving.
Something is going on with our Earth.
And the Lord showed me a different kind of light that looked dingy.
Again, it was not bright like the noonday sun.
It had a different atmosphere, that it was darker, and it looked more like a fall-type sun, but weirder.
And it was messing with things, and it wasn't just one day.
This was a prolonged time.
And a couple of visions ago, a couple of prayer times ago, I saw it would be daylight in half of the sky and night, as dark as night, in the other, and the stars came out.
It was a split sky.
I don't know how this happens, but I saw it.
And I don't know if that's a metaphor or if it's actually real, but this is the second time the Lord keeps talking about the tilt of the Earth, as things change, preparing.
I'm seeing war.
I see Iran.
I see Israel with weapons that we don't know of, kind of like the pagers that went off in the men's pockets and their cell phones, and nobody understood what happened with all that, and their pagers blew up in these men's hands and took people out.
Technological advancements beyond anybody's comprehension in Israel.
This is exactly what I'm trying to tell you all.
This is with AI and the things that are coming.
I saw some things tonight.
I'll go over this again in a day or so, to go over this and tell the people at the beginning.
But, well, I think that's enough today.
There's a lot there that I need to process and pray over more.
And I appreciate every single one of you praying with me.
We'll pray more tomorrow, and we'll keep seeing what the Lord shows us.
We'll believe God that He does every single day, and we're thankful that He visits and shows me things, and that's what's happened.
But if you're here for the first time, we appreciate every single one of you.
Could you please do us a favor?
Please subscribe.
We're believing for a million subscribers.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army, that you all will come and pray.
I think on average we get 50 to 60, some days 70,000 people come and pray, and they don't pray for the whole thing, but even if it's 10 minutes, folks, it's amazing to have 70,000 people praying.
Even if it's just 10 minutes, we're changing things, folks.
I believe it, that we have power and authority, and this channel is being raised for such a time as this.
And I just want you to be a part of it.
If you could subscribe worldwide.
Our China channel has gone almost to 22,000 people.
Braden told me tonight, he said, "China's really taking off, Daddy.
" And I said, "All right, well, we're believing God all of them will.
" So, exciting times ahead.
Like I said, I appreciate every one of you.
You're so kind to my family.
We appreciate all the niceness.
You've been so nice to us.
A lot of good people out there, so nice.
We love you all so much.
Thank you, you're such a blessing.
Thank you for helping pray for us.
We appreciate your prayers.
I truly—I don't ever get into things, but I say thank you for the people who pray for me.
I appreciate it.
Pray for Diana, yes, it means a lot to us, so much.
Prayers, it's a lot bigger than what you all realize for us, covering us and helping us.
This whole thing has been really wild, and I'm just like, "Oh my goodness, thank you, Lord.
" He's calling me up higher to do this, and I'm just like, "Okay, Lord, I'll do it for you.
" But we pray for all the things we've seen today.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart, because Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Good night, bye-bye.